annot: Slice the meat into chunks
ACTID: 0
PRED: slice
[DOBJ, food] the meat (-1)
[PP, other, into] chunks (-1)
annot: mix paprika and pepper with the meat
ACTID: 1
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] paprika (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, with] the meat (0)
annot: cut the onion into slices
ACTID: 2
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the onion (-1)
[PP, other, into] slices (-1)
annot: Add oil to a pot
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pot (-1)
annot: Cook the onions in the pot
ACTID: 4
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the onions (2)
[PP, food, in] the pot (3)
annot: Cook the meat in the pot
ACTID: 5
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the meat (1)
[PP, location, in] the pot (-1)
annot: Add water to the pot
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (5)
annot: Add tomato
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] tomato (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Add onions
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] onions (4)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Add cumin, curry, and seasoning to the pot
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cumin (-1), curry (-1), seasoning (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (8)